we're no strangers to public
performances whether it's dancing salsa
in the streets of Cuba or performing
ballet and the traffic lights of
Montreal and every time we think in that
risk of potentially being embarrassed or
humiliated in public the positive
outcome would remind us that taking that
risk is always with them for today we
decided to take that to a whole new
level how long my name is Darren
Emre and I want to be strict yes you
heard that right we were going to learn
a dance routine and strip down in front
of my noggin luckily we had the support
of the famous Hollywood men who in part
inspired Magic Mike to teach us the rope
tape services were first crash course on
male stripping and the owner and our
cute teacher really insisted on us
watching before doing it within the next
two hours watching the scripture in two
men
we hear that we're actually going to be
high on stage like Nikki yes will you go
and see given well belly usually guys
[Music]
[Applause]
do something with the register there man
it's like the buzz he's petting zoo hair
workout oh let me go through the trick
with our fish together I'm going to show
up with really it's like all about that
I turn it on that nastika shot I'm going
to get we're that's gonna get real
multi-layered a big performance
I'm afraid it's taking too much of the
attention
good because good look like idiots click
over that you see my dad yeah that's a
zero correlation easily now now I'll
really get like cry other so bull cackle
I believe check it off will ya get off
and it's all personality to ride you can
tease wiggler three firemen are boots I
like you three to five Olivia all right
did you see a part that you identify
with Iran that you like how accurate the
average you consider yourselves like
dancers or it's a nice diagram I'm
coming out of college I was a corporate
job this is a dreamless solution for
this long
I love the pact with building walls a
martial artist so it and what kind of
LaHood I had talked to doesn't look like
one part of the job is looking for
people that gel with each other you know
there may be people with bigger bodies
or maybe but better dancers whatever but
if they come in without a neuter or
disrespect I take everybody feelings
into consideration you know that's why I
make it
yeah how do you guys are hahaha let's
mark it will go without music
let's go through every beat so you know
boys down the third oh that's another
right and right shoulder commercial
watch me go to cameras position look top
wait fish and the word heroes when you
got here children
boy you're headed to me you can be doing
mountain out of I put any mutton salad
why they were okay I'm here I'm not
really killing it you little lot madam
what is devotion tonight are you cancer
fake you know you know I'm making sure
she done with your time what's the clear
plan on once you've done this time Emily
okay I am so nervous probably will
performing in about three hours and
you're not right three hits a train
right now yeah you don't know how to
stretch I'm gonna kill you don't make me
regret again I'm just worried it could
be like silence like we're just for you
trying to be so sexy that Allah go she
really you got to be better than me your
timing is off very off and I go too fast
too I do it would be the greatest
opponent of all time we didn't prepare
it so I'll be great
here's what Everage pretty good Katrina
go chat hi you're going to get it done
firefighters gonna fish a baby's mom so
be ready by in costume within 15 minutes
so this time you actually be ready
attendant okay so simply washed it easy
but why she doing
hahaha 360 firefighters right here back
I'll go into fire with these guys any
day as a lady right I got a five minute
realize yeah yeah no yeah it says if I
met in real life and with the Hollywood
man
got a lot of there you gotta love not
gonna have fun and smile baby you have
fun they have the next five minutes they
will be dazzling you with their boobs
and you are free to react however us
ladies here for your entertainment and
for your pleasure
give it up for yes sirree
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah
Oh
ah
[Music]
crickets care how to get out there and
you meet all the women and I just want
speed oh yeah good job my parents are
against me winner will retire go
[Music]
you